{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green8\blue10;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c2745\c3529;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 TinyChef is an app that lets you find recipes by searching for them directly or by entering ingredients. Recipes can be added to the \'93Chosen Recipes\'94 area to have multiple recipes readily available when cooking. Recipes can also be added to \'93Favorites\'94 and would be stored via CoreData.\
\
After landing on \'93Recipe Search\'94, the user types in a recipe name, and autocomplete suggestions will become visible. The user can tap on a suggestion or press \'93Search\'94 to search for a recipe. A collection view of recipe images and their descriptions will pop up if recipes exist for the query. Clicking on a recipe description will more clearly show the recipe name and information.\
\
On \'93By Ingredients\'94, users type in an ingredient name, after which the search bar will move downwards to provide space to add multiple ingredients. Pressing the return key will add the ingredient to the list. The user can press the \'93Edit\'94 button to delete ingredients from the table view. Pressing the \'93Search Recipes\'94 button will search for recipes.\
\
The \'93Chosen Recipes\'94 tab is where the user can store multiple recipes temporarily for reference. Recipes that are in \'93Chosen Recipes\'94 have the corresponding button filled in in their detail view.\
\
The \'93Favorites\'94 tab is where users can store their favorite recipes to their device using CoreData. Recipes that are in \'93Favorites\'94 have their corresponding button filled in in their detail view.\
\
Clicking on a collection view cell reveals the recipe\'92s detail view in which the user sees the recipe\'92s information and can add it to \'93Chosen Recipes\'94 or \'93Favorites\'94.\
\
One can build and run the application by simply tapping the triangle run button after downloading the project. Requirements listed below:\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 iOS 15.2+\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 Xcode 13.2+\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 Swift 5+}